[Music]
Hello my dear Lovers of the
heart How are you? I hope you're having
a wonderful and spectacular day
and that you're enjoying it, get comfortable
because the news of this video is going to
leave us indifferent And yes, we
surely, most likely, the jump
of Jorge Javier Vázquez to YouTube,
literally, just as I told you, okay, it's not a
joke, it's not a joke
Others have already tried it and we were already
anticipating it lately and the thing is that
many are watching this, this
new generation of digital media, no,
and we have to adapt and in the end, many are
going to try it already in their daily attempt,
María Teresa Campos was fatal for her, Isabel
Gemio is doing so-so,
Carmele Marchante is doing so-so too, and
many, I mean, many famous people, the
mamariachis, no, Laura does and so on, not a
lot. There aren't a lot of
these famous people from Telecinco and television who are
trying to adapt. But in the end, it's a
completely different medium and the
audience is completely different too,
the statistics are more real, that's
also very true. No, the
statistics are also more real, the
numbers are more exact and the medium is
different in general.  medium is another but oh
well for trying Let it not be left out before
continuing and telling you all about everything there
is I'm going to ask you all please everyone
especially those who are not
subscribed okay remind you to check there
is a nice little button there that says
subscribe Click the subscribe button
and well Welcome to the family
Welcome to the family you will become
part of this great family of
this great community very healthy that we are
forming that the truth is I am
very happy and I love you very much I
love you very much and I am super comfortable
with you I don't know if tonight I will do a
live it doesn't depend on how things are going
I will try to Find a hole and we will
talk okay let's talk but to
find out about everything I do you have to be
subscribed and above all if you
like the videos comment and so on
better because that way
the videos will always appear or they will recommend more and so on
well I'm going to put the video that
Jorge Javier Vázquez uploaded to his
social networks and we will comment on it a little ok
[Music]
Jorge Javier with his typical joke
and the way he does things, I don't think
his house, I think this is his house, it doesn't
seem like he's a Plato or anything like that, he's
probably going to do this
from his house, he's put on a
red nightgown and what I don't understand is why he's
wearing those
horrible shoes and socks with the nightgown. But anyway,
let's see what he says.
[Music] Let's
see, it's a little weird.
The teaser is a little weird, no, but anyway,
and the name seems horrible to me, the name
seems horrible to me and it's true, eh, I mean, it
's not to complain, no, but I think they
could have done something else focused
in a different way, but
Fortunato's donkeys because of this donkey that he has, I don't know, I don't know
what it's about, it has more to offer. He's
trying to name the
podcast
a Five Beta Lamba podcast, I don't know if
this is a production company, it's going to take it to you
or something like that, I don't know what idea
these people have of how much money they're going to
make here, okay, so a
production company or a company can take this. But anyway,
completely legitimate, there are people like I was
there. It's good that they have their
own company set up and make great
productions.  on the internet not on Twitch and
on YouTube available on all
platforms okay let's see here what I
understand
here what I understand by available
on all platforms I'm
going to look here in front of
yourselves I'm going to look here in front of
yourselves we said that this was called
the donkeys of Fortunato
here you have it okay two subscribers two
subscribers Yes here you have it what we
were saying okay this has happened We've already
seen it During the last
two years when
people have gotten to know us, me and the other colleagues who have
been here for many years no and they have seen
the numbers the audiences and the things
that we have achieved well it says
Come on here money Here is another
new medium no and they want to jump on the bandwagon and it
is completely legitimate to try no what
happens is that I get the feeling that
Jorge Javier's attempt to
come to our platform to
YouTube comes more from this not
from the Mediaset ethical code that well
yesterday we were reviewing it live we
were reading its presenters and
collaborators have to refrain from
expressing opinions preferences or
political comments the workers
collaborators presenters of the
programs must not attack or criticize
no other program of the company or
other producers is worth it, you cannot
leave the live without justified cause
if there is someone who suddenly starts to
slander, insult, slander or something that
could lead to a civil or criminal lawsuit,
the presenter immediately has to
stop him to see the ethical code of
Mediaset is very directly
directed to Jorge Javier and to Sálvame, it is that there is no
more, I do not know of another
Telecinco program that ignores
this code today, okay,
advertising statements that have not been
previously communicated, you know that there are
some rules. We also
have them here on YouTube that when we
make an advertisement it cannot be
covert, we have a label
that we have to put on the videos,
this this video contains
advertising material whatever, no Or put an
advertisement in the corner, something that indicates to
people that it is an advertisement, no and on
some occasions, well, they have
received fines from the
market commission because they have made
covert advertisements, no,
let's see it, let's see it,
everyone has the opportunity to try it, I'm not
telling you either. Hey, maybe it's
fun. Hey, maybe it will go very well for him
personally, I'm telling you, I know  the
medium and it's complicated Well yes friends,
little is coming Fortunato deserved it let's see let's
see
[Music]
Fortunato deserved it Well we'll
see but well This is what
we have today It seems that
Jorge Javier Vázquez is going to be
our partner on the platform, I'm telling you eh
in the last two years you have seen
how many of the television people as they have gained
knowledge and contact
with YouTube and have seen that here there is what there is
an opportunity that there are people who
make a living from this that there are people who
become famous for this not because of YouTube no and
that you can make a living from this well they
have tried or rather we have seen
several famous people I could say 67
come to mind of those who have
collaborated with me that after
collaborating with us have made their
own channels and Hey it's very good not to
try it is very good then yes it is
true that not everything that it seems is gold
and they realize once they get into it that it is not
as simple as they expect No that
usually happens a lot but well what do you
think Are you going to be willing
to watch Jorge Javier's program on
YouTube or do you think  What could also happen is
that Jorge Javier when he is on
YouTube with the reality which is the
feedback from the public, not the feedback from
that public that they don't have on television,
on television what happens is that you don't
hear people's comments,
you go online and sometimes you see something,
and maybe he will find out what
the older people who are
about to see San Pedro and who are his
audience, family, think of him, really in real time, I will be reading the
comments box, I send you a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]